I think if it's not so bad
we have the opponent the first
has allowed very little
We played here out there
It's time to keep the zero
so well done and ours
the goal had been that they want two
Three chances will make the goal and
hopefully then with a tournament
win that one has not managed
but I do not think so the second
clearly at half-time pressure because
is we had to make more pressure
still the two chances but he will
did it well diamonds two
huge in it and yes a shame but it
Next week, that was now
have lost a game and at home
with controlled it was pure
fighting game run quite bad
We think we have the fight
accepted
In spite of everything, he just gave me a mistake
made its to the gate led by
erfurt and otherwise can you
crew at all no reproach
make two dates as we do then
tried due to this bad
space anyway football too
play and all worthy of honor and
this defeat definitely throws us
Not about
and we knew that they were in the
Fighting is the fränkin her
have looked at the game of osnabrück
have tried to squeeze and
wanted to act similarly
but I still have to say that
Team over 90 minutes anyway good
did we knock everything out
what was in it and yes they were
today through an individual situation
today, the kick is better free kick
say comes out he almost becomes like that
I am training on Thursday at the
Training on standards and qualifications
I have the same two times
I never said that, yes
today at the key yes I do it
In any case, and of course, happiness
So what does happiness mean but it is
of course, then a bit lucky that
He then goes in exactly the same way today but me
We do not have to overrate them
we will analyze the game if
you also have our thoughts about it
but maybe this will come to them
Defeat even at the right time
we now have 14 important games left
and nothing happens we stand
still about trainer we are up
there
stuttgart kickers today only
played in a draw so therefore
look something duisburg and
bielefeld tomorrow and then are
We are still fat in the business and have the
People watch from game to game and the
let us not elicit
I think we have a total of
militant one of the moral
made a good game we have the game
largely even under control
against a offensively strong opponent little
authorized
the first shot after 30 minutes were
Freischuss the dubious free kick
was was in and then of course has the
adversary benefits and we still have
I always believe in our plan
actually detained without the
Defense to open controlled and pressure
increase in the offensive and unfortunately
we did not succeed
achieve
There were possibilities visually
biotech that I think ten meters from
Goal to the shot comes with the action
Print better would have certainly the ball
It was not left out of the off
and then he probably has a cross
played and pushed into the empty gate
So that's a key scene in this
played the little bit cold to the end
have missed and the crucial kick
has and unfortunately lost